Rückrunde changes:

1.	League Structure
	1.	the league has been split into two divisions: Americas and Europe
		a.	clubs are sorted based on location (obviously)
		b.	all clubs still play all other clubs
		c.	the overall winner of the Rückrunde is unaffected
		
2.	Fees and Prizes
	1.	due to the persistent uncertainty surrounding the impact of Covid on the Premier League and our fantasy season, there is no entry fee
	2.	prizes are awarded for the following achievements:
		a.	the club with the best overall H2H record .....................................	$30
			i.	this amount was set to be rolled over from the Hinrunde
	3.	bragging rights are awarded for the following achievements:					
		a.	the club with the best divisional H2H record in the Americas division	
		b.	the club with the best divisional H2H record in the Europe division	
		c.	the club with the best H2H record among each of the following cups:
			i.	Rust Belt Derby 	(PRX, GING, TFC)			
			ii.	Trophée du Canada	(TFC, SAB)			
			iii.	Caribbean Cup		(RMP, SAB)				
			iv.	Brexit Cup		(ZB, KOP)				
			v.	Woodland Cup		(ELD, MADA, KAI)
	4.	The Commissioner would like to reiterate the commitment of all participating clubs to donate their winnings in excess of entry fees to a charity of their choice

3.	Scoring
	1.	changes have been made to reward defenders for affirmative defensive actions rather than collectively punish defensive units that concede a goal
		a.	defenders and goalkeepers no longer receive a penalty of -2 per goal conceded
		b.	the clean sheet bonus for goalkeepers has been changed from 9 to 4
		c.	the clean sheet bonus for defenders has been changed from 6 to 2
		d.	the clean sheet bonus for midfielders has been changed from 2 to 1
		e.	forwards no longer receive a clean sheet bonus
		f.	Errors Led to Goal for all players has been changed from -6 to -9
		g.	Errors Led to Shot for all players has been changed from -1 to -2
	2.	the Second Assist scoring category has been removed 
	3.	Penalty Kicks Drawn for outfielders has been changed from 3 to 4

4.	Rosters
	1.	as a general rule, multi-position players are no longer used
		a.	wingbacks on real-world teams which primarily play with three-at-the-back systems (e.g., Wolves) will be set as defenders, with the exception of players who are obviously primarily attackers/wingers (e.g., Adama Traoré) 
		b.	players who are obviously used in multiple strata may be set to D,M eligibility at the Commissioner’s discretion (e.g., Fabinho, Dallas, Alioski)
		c.	where strata is less obvious, as with M,F players, advanced statistics will be used to classify the player as either M or F, but not both
			i.	Grealish (AVL)		M
			ii.	Son (TOT)		F
			iii.	James Rodríguez (EVE)	M
			iv.	Mount (CHE)		M
			v.	Rashford (MUN)		F
			vi.	Zaha (CRY)		F
			vii.	Richarlison (EVE)	F
			viii.	Trézéguet (AVL)		F
			ix.	Groß (BHA)		M
			x.	Podence (WOL)		F
			xi.	Aubameyang (ARS)	F
			xii.	Willian (ARS)		M
			xiii.	Foden (MCI)		M
			xiv.	Antonio (WHU)		F
			xv.	Trossard (BHA)		F
			xvi.	Bernardo Silva (MCI)	M
			xvii.	Greenwood (MUN)		F
			xviii.	Pérez (LEI)		F
			xix.	Pulisic (CHE)		F
			xx.	Lucas Moura (TOT)	F
			xxi.	Pépé (ARS)		F
			xxii.	Redmond (SOU)		M
			
		d.	the Commissioner has the final say on position eligibility
	2.	rosters have been expanded from 18 to 20
		a.	there is no roster cap for outfield positions 
                b.      clubs may have no more than 1 goalkeeper on their rosters
		
5.	Transactions
	1.	the default waiver processing time is now noon EST / 17:00 GMT
	2.	claims / drops are now only possible during pre-determined “fantasy transfer windows”
		a.	the draft is scheduled for Saturday, 23 January at 15:00 EST / 20:00 GMT
		b.	after the draft: 
			i.	players will remain free agents until the Tuesday, 26 January at 13:00 EST / 18:00 GMT 
			ii.	the claim window will remain closed until the end of the real-world transfer window
		c.	Gameweek 22/3 and 23/4; each subsequent window will follow the pattern below:
			i.	claims process Tuesday, 2 February at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
			ii.	then players will remain free agents until Tuesday, 2 February at 13:00 EST / 18:00 GMT
			iii.	claims process again Friday, 5 February at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
			iv.	then players will remain free agents until the start of the first game of GW23/4 (kickoff TBA) 
			v.	then the fantasy transfer window will close
		d.	Gameweek 27/8
			i.	Tuesday, 2 March at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
			ii.	Friday, 5 March at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
		e.	Gameweek 30/11
			i.	Tuesday, 30 March at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
			ii.	Friday, 2 April at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
		f.	Gameweek 35/16
			i.	Tuesday, 4 May at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
			ii.	Friday, 7 May at noon EST / 17:00 GMT
	3.	player trades between clubs are not restricted to fantasy transfer windows
		a.	players “lock” with respect to trades at the first game of each day rather than each player’s game
	4.	Waiver Wire order is now reverse order of standings, non-serpentine; (…8, 9, 10, 1, 2, 3… instead of …8, 9, 10, 10, 9, 8…) 
	5.	Emergency Goalkeeper Rule
		a.	in the case of:
			i.	the fantasy transfer window is not currently open
			ii.	a club's goalkeeper is not starting, for any reason
		b.	then the club will have the starting goalkeeper from the same team transferred onto its roster
		c.	during the next fantasy transfer window, that club will have the option of first refusal to claim the original goalkeeper or allow the player to go through the waiver process
